- Talking about the problems with methane.
So a blade of grass tips over and dies,
and it rots, it creates methane.
A cow can eat that same blade of grass,
and it produces the same exact methane.
So that's like high school biology.
However, when it's discussed in Congress,
it's cows eating grass are
destroying the environment,
even though cows eating
grass are the environment.
So the whole argument's sort of false.
And now we have pharmaceutical
companies that are supporting
and sort of the AMA is
also supporting this,
this idea of, because
they like sick people.
They make great customers.
So it's two forces that are pushing
to make the most
nutritious food available,
that being animal protein,
either illegal or sanctioned
or over-taxed or something like that.
What can be done?
Like how can we protect the beef industry?
- You know, I think what,
you know, I think there's a new crop
of environmentalists who are understanding
the importance of keeping
animals on the land.
And you know, I kind of grew up
in that area because I was,
I spent a lot of my career
suing factory farms.
And I've probably sued Smithfield more
than any other attorney,
Tyson's, Purdue, Bo Pilgrim,
all the big, you know, Wendell Murphy,
all of the big mass, you know, CAFO,
concentrated animal feed operations.
- Sure.
- And what's happened is the
transformation of land use.
And I think more and more,
and so they're now, you know,
dousing the fields with pesticides.
And we're not doing what,
and with carbon-based chemicals,
you know, fertilizers.
- Yes.
- And what we've learned is
it's destroying the soils.
And that the best thing that
you can do for the climate
is to have wholesome, rich soils.
- Right.
- And the best way
to aerate the soil and to make sure
that it's healthy is by
having ungulates on it
who are tearing up the
earth with their hooves,
who are spreading manure on that soil
and returning soil health.
And when it's a healthy soil,
you're absorbing a lot more carbon.
So if your primary concern is carbon,
it solves that problem,
but it also does a lot
of other god things for the environment.
It helps
rainwater to permeate the land
rather than to run off across the surface.
And you know, which is
very, very destructive,
not only to soils, but also
the water systems, et cetera.
So I think there is sort of a new,
and when I started making these
arguments back in the '90s,
they were very novel arguments.
People at that time were, you know,
were subsumed in the
carbon-only orthodoxy.
That's the, you know,
only important issue.
- Right.
- And I think more and more
environmentalists coming up,
including, you know, one
of the leaders of that,
who I've met is a guy
called Charles Eisenstein,
who is the messaging
director for my campaign.
You know, I think you've
got a whole bunch of people
in this campaign who
are very much in favor
of regenerative agriculture,
very much against the
idea of synthetic foods.
- Right.
- And other, you know, eating insects
and all the other weird ideas
that are coming from-
- Yeah.
- From the corporate kleptocracy.
- Practically unusable
protein by the human body,
but nobody really talks about.
- Yeah.
Nobody even knows what's in it.
I mean, nobody really even
knows what's in real meat.
You know, I mean-
- Yeah.
- There's so much of it-
- The essential amino acids,
the vitamin B12, like you can't survive-
- Right.
- For more
than seven or eight years with out.
- Yeah.
- Now fortunately
for vegans, statistically,
they do eat meat
when they're drunk.
So they'll probably
(Robert laughing)
do okay long-term,
but we need to keep
healthy food on the shelves
of the grocery store.
- Yeah.
- It is so important
for America to understand
that you understand this.
- Yeah.
Well, done.
- Awesome.
Thank you so much.
(Robert laughing)
- I love that tie.
- That's it, that's all I got.
(air whooshing)
(logo thundering)